<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Akeeba Remote Control CLI</title>
</head>
<body>

<h1>Changelog</h1>

<h2>Version 1.3</h2>
<pre>
# Wouldn't work with download URLs containing multiple at-signs, e.g. ftp://username@example.com:p@ssword@ftp.example.com/public_html/backups
# No newlines when using --quiet or -m
# No information printed for certain actions (e.g. listbackups) when using --quiet
# Obsolete records listed as "complete"
</pre>

<h2>Version 1.2</h2>
<pre>
# Using --dlmode=chunk would result in an error (thank you Daniele!)
+ Added --filename parameter to rename downloaded files (thank you Daniele!)
+ Added --nocolour (also --nocolor) to disable coloured output
+ Added --quiet to disable all output except warnings and errors
+ Added error codes and exit codes to allow for better error reporting and error handling in script files
+ Warnings and errors are now output to STDERR so that you can trap them
</pre>

<p>Error # / exit codes and their meaning</p>
<dl>
    <dt>0</dt>
    <dd>Success!</dd>
    <dt>1</dt>
    <dd>No updates are available at this time</dd>
    <dt>21</dt>
    <dd>Invalid response body. This should never happen! It means that your network connection was broken or that a
        fatal error inside Akeeba Backup occured
    </dd>
    <dt>22</dt>
    <dd>Communications error. Reaching the remote host was impossible. Please check the host name in your command line,
        as well as your network status
    </dd>
    <dt>23</dt>
    <dd>Could not decode server's response. This indicates a PHP fatal error on the remote server or a system plugin
        which doesn't allow Akeeba Backup's remote API to work properly.
    </dd>
    <dt>31</dt>
    <dd>You must specify a numeric backup ID. The action you are using requires a numeric backup ID and you forgot to
        supply it. Check the command line.
    </dd>
    <dt>32</dt>
    <dd>You must specify a download mode (http, curl or chunk) using the --dlmode option</dd>
    <dt>33</dt>
    <dd>You must specify a path to download the files to. If you did, make sure it's an absolute path (e.g.
        /home/myuser/download) and not a relative path (e.g. ~/download). Also make sure that the path is writtable.
    </dd>
    <dt>34</dt>
    <dd>You must provide a download URL for use with cURL. You tried usign --dlmode=curl without specifying the
        --dlurl.
    </dd>
    <dt>35</dt>
    <dd>You did not specify a host name using the --host option. Please check your command line.</dd>
    <dt>36</dt>
    <dd>Your server does not seem to be compatible with Remote Control. After a series of checks, Remote CLI could not
        determine a way to get a response from your server. This is usually an indication of having a very old version
        of sh404SEF installed on your site, or another SEF component intercepting the remote API URLs or a misbehaving
        plugin not allowing Akeeba Backup's remote API to function properly.
    </dd>
    <dt>37</dt>
    <dd>You did not specify a secret key. You forgot the --secret parameter in your command line.</dd>
    <dt>38</dt>
    <dd>Invalid action. You either forgot to specify the --action parameter, or the action you specified is not valid or
        it is misspelled.
    </dd>
    <dt>101</dt>
    <dd>Akeeba Backup error. An error occured in Akeeba Backup. The error message gives more information</dd>
    <dt>102</dt>
    <dd>You need to install a newer version of Akeeba Backup on your site. The version of Akeeba Backup on your site is
        not compatible with your version of Remote CLI.
    </dd>
    <dt>103</dt>
    <dd>No files to download. When Remote CLI tried to download backup archives for the specified backup record, there
        were no files found. This is normal if you are usign a data processing engine (e.g. Upload to S3) and configured
        it to remove backup archives from the server upon backup completion.
    </dd>
    <dt>104</dt>
    <dd>File writing error. An error occured while trying to write to the output file during download. Check that the
        specified --dlpath is correct and writable.
    </dd>
    <dt>105</dt>
    <dd>cURL error. You specified --dlmode="curl" and cURL experienced an error while trying to download the backup
        archive. The rest of the error message contains cURL's error output which tells you what the error was.
    </dd>
    <dt>106</dt>
    <dd>Could not delete files. We could not remove the backup archive after downloading it or when requested to delete
        the files of a backup record or the backup record itself.
    </dd>
    <dt>107</dt>
    <dd>Could not delete backup record. We could not delete the backup record you requested.</dd>
    <dt>108</dt>
    <dd>Could not list profiles. We could not list the backup profiles on your site.</dd>
    <dt>109</dt>
    <dd>Could not list backup records. We could not list the backup records on your site.</dd>
    <dt>110</dt>
    <dd>Could not get backup record information. Please check that the backup record ID is valid.</dd>
    <dt>111</dt>
    <dd>Could not get Akeeba Backup update information</dd>
    <dt>112</dt>
    <dd>Live Update is not supported on this site. You can not upgrade Akeeba Backup automatically.</dd>
    <dt>113</dt>
    <dd>Live Update reports that it is stuck. Try using --force=1.</dd>
    <dt>114</dt>
    <dd>The available version does not fulfil your minimum stability preferences. This means that there is an alpha,
        beta or RC version newer than the one installed on yoru site, but you have indicated that this stability level
        should not be installed on your site.
    </dd>
    <dt>115</dt>
    <dd>Error downloading the update on the remote server; the automatic update failed</dd>
    <dt>116</dt>
    <dd>Error extarcting the update on the remote server; the automatic update failed</dd>
    <dt>117</dt>
    <dd>Error installing the update on the remote server; the automatic update failed</dd>
    <dt>118</dt>
    <dd>Error cleaning up after installing the update; the automatic update worked, Akeeba Backup is upgraded
        successfully, but there are some leftovers in your site's temporary directory
    </dd>
</dl>

</body>
</html>
